I shouldn't even be dealing with this
right now we're we were living in
California it was great my wife want to
move back to New England because her
whole family's from New England I wanted
to stay in California because her whole
family's from New England she's like we
can't live in California we could die in
an earthquake we've never had an
earthquake out there when I was out
there I almost died every winter living
in New Hampshire slipping on the ice
going off the road on a slippery road
frigging power outages the power goes
out no heat the license plate New
Hampshire should say live freeze then
die I think have an old man on the
mountain he froze you can't handle that
year after year windchill he was made of
stone and he couldn't take it what
chance do we all have the white
Christmas is nice I get it who doesn't
love a white Christmas right I don't
need a white Easter shouldn't have a
white Martin Luther King Day am I wrong
about that that just sounds weird to me
right I'm just saying it snows for six
months here remember April 1st the snow
storm a few years ago April 1st that was
my first year back I go wake my wife up
and like honey we got a foot and a half
of snow out there she's like really I'm
like April Fool's me a two and a half
feet you bitch put your stuff on your
shovel cuz they don't shovel guys they
watch us we come in and take all our
crap off we just get our stuff up shake
are you gonna go back out the plow just
came by you gotta go and you got to go
out move that if not that'll get hard
and freeze then you got a three foot
speed bump at the end of your driveway
getting it going 30 miles an hour and
launch yourself out hope you don't rip
your friggin muffler off now I
understand you know the snow and when
you're a kid you know if you're a rich
kid you like the snow right rich kids
like snow daddy takes them skiing every
weekend
my friend Rob would come into school
with a ski jacket on with all the lift
tickets dangled it's big big leg leg
quick quick quick quick quick quick
quick fling you can't take those off
before Monday morning you prick you got
to rub it in all the poor kids I don't
even have a ski jacket I had the jean
jacket with fur in it my dad took me ice
fishing on the way up he stopped at the
liquor store so I took the receipt from
the liquor store and stapled it to my
jean jacket
we got there Sunday river Boone's Farm
my wife wanted to be back here you know
be beautiful in knowing when she said
we'll get a we'll get a picnic table how
nice will that be a picnic table in New
England you can use a picnic table like
four days a year here am i right it's
gonna be like perfect conditions you get
have a little Brie so there's no bugs
right but not too much there goes the
place it goes the napkins it goes the
food it's gonna be like a space shuttle
launch for you to go out there and have
a friggin picnic you know why people in
New England have picnic tables so in the
wintertime you can look out see how much
snow you got without going outside
you